Add Student-facing Project Review Rubric (#3)
learn-co-curriculum/guided-module-one-project-assessment: README.md

### Phase 4: Project Review

Communicate with your instructor to schedule a project review. The format of the review will roughly look like this:

* 5 minutes - Requirements Review
* 5 minutes - App Overview
* 15 minutes - Deep Dive
* 15 minutes - Pair Programming
* 5 minutes - Wrap up

In the interview, the instructor will check that your project meets the deliverables, have you explain your code, and check your understanding of the concepts through pair programming. 

They'll use the following rubric to evaluate the project and interview.

#### Rubric

> ##### Designing a CLI Application

Reviewer: This section seems to couple 2 things.
- Does it work from user pov and meet guidelines
- Implementation details of app

For example, I have definitely seen even really solidly implemented projects where
> and the CLI interface is separated from the models in the domain
is followed very inconsistently in different parts of the app

Reviewer: I'd propose one of
* splitting this up into 2 sections 
* maybe lumping some of the "how is it implemented" into the OO Ruby Syntax section and renaming that since a bunch of it is just about well architected code anyway
* maybe just moving "separation of CLI and models" to the score of 4 or 5, because I'd guess many folks don't 100% hit that criteria

Author: Good feedback, I think either could work! Do you like one or the other better?

1. Incomplete or nonfunctioning CLI. Student is not able to explain how the code is loaded or how the classes interact with each other.
2. CLI is functioning, but code is scrambled. Student can explain some of how the code works, but has gaps in their explanation.

> 3. CLI has least 4 user stories, and the CLI interface is separated from the models in the domain. The student can explain how the code works, but not why the code was architected the way it was. Code may be factored poorly, and might not handle errors or handle unexpected user input.

Reviewer: I'm thinking very defensively for the small number of edge-cases where we face a lot of student resistance, but maybe we want to at least somewhat more specific than "4 user stories", even if the language was vague but gave teachers more weight to back up decisions. What about "4 user stories that meet complexity requirements in guidelines", or "4 user stories tied to different CRUD actions"

Author: ```suggestion
3. CLI has 4 user stories that meet the complexity requirements in the instructions, and the CLI interface is separated from the models in the domain. The student can explain how the code works, but not why the code was architected the way it was. Code may be factored poorly, and might not handle errors or handle unexpected user input.
```
